The PromiseGrid system architecture design outlines a novel
distributed computing framework based on security capability tokens
functioning as promises for future computation. These tokens create a
creditor-debtor relationship between issuer and recipient, secured
cryptographically and managed via kernel-mediated Mach-like receive
ports. The system employs a global hypergraph—a directed acyclic graph
(DAG)—to represent transactions and system states, enabling
speculative execution through parallel transaction paths. The economic
model is token-based, with atomic swaps ensuring balanced value
exchanges and reputation incentives for reliable performance. Nodes
represent state symbols rather than computation results, and token
redemption involves creating new hyperedges with reply tokens to
return computation results. The design aligns well with the specified
requirements, including token mechanics, kernel interaction,
hypergraph structure, speculative execution, and economic incentives.
However, a key discrepancy exists regarding the hashing scheme: while
hyperedges include hashes of predecessor nodes, the design does not
explicitly state that nodes include hashes of the hyperedges that
created them, which is critical for maintaining an immutable chain of
custody. Additional gaps include limited detail on CWT token
standardization, reputation system sophistication, conflict resolution
in speculative execution, and liability enforcement during token
redemption. The open questions section in the design document already
addresses many challenges, such as conflict resolution, reputation
measurement, garbage collection, and token expiration policies.
Overall, the PromiseGrid design presents a comprehensive and
innovative approach to decentralized, economically incentivized
distributed computation but requires refinement in cryptographic
linkage and economic enforcement mechanisms to fully meet the
specification.
